Prep for v1.9.0 (#3251)
jump-dev/JuMP.jl: docs/src/changelog.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Version 1.9.0 (March 1, 2023)

### Added

 - Added [`get_attribute`](@ref) and [`set_attribute`](@ref). These replace
   [`get_optimizer_attribute`](@ref) and [`set_optimizer_attribute`](@ref),

>    although the `_optimizer_` functions remain to avoid breakage. (#3219)

Author: ```suggestion
   although the `_optimizer_` functions remain to avoid breakage. (#3219)
 - Added support for `Base.isreal` for variables and expressions (#3252)
```

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Version 1.9.0 (March 2, 2023)

### Added

 - Added [`get_attribute`](@ref) and [`set_attribute`](@ref). These replace
   [`get_optimizer_attribute`](@ref) and [`set_optimizer_attribute`](@ref),

>    although the `_optimizer_` functions remain to avoid breakage. (#3219)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   although the `_optimizer_` functions remain for backward compatibility. (#3219)
```

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## Version 1.9.0 (March 3, 2023)

Author: ```suggestion
## Version 1.9.0 (March 6, 2023)
```

 - Added [`set_start_values`](@ref) for setting all supported start values in a
   model (#3238)
 - Add [`remove_bridge`](@ref) and [`print_active_bridges`](@ref) (#3259)

### Fixed

 - The matrix returned by a variable in [`HermitianPSDCone`](@ref) is now a
   `LinearAlgebra.Hermitian` matrix. This is potentially breaking if you have
   written code to assume the return is a `Matrix`. (#3245) (#3246)
 - Fixed missing support for `Base.isreal` of expressions (#3252)

### Other

 - Fixed a thread safety issue in the [Parallelism](@ref) tutorial (#3240)
   (#3243)
 - Improved the error message when unsupported operators are used in `@NL`
   macros (#3236)
 - Clarified the documentation to say that matrices in [`HermitianPSDCone`](@ref)
   must be `LinearAlgebra.Hermitian` (#3241)
 - Minor style fixes to internal macro code (#3247)
 - Add [Quantum state discrimination](@ref) tutorial (#3250)
 - Improve error message when `begin...end` not passed to plural macros (#3255)
 - Document how to register function with varying number of input arguments
   (#3258)
 - Tidy tests by removing unneeded `JuMP.` prefixes (#3260)

>  - Clarified the introduction to [`Complex number support`](@ref) tutorial (#3262)

Author: ```suggestion
 - Clarified the introduction to the [Complex number support](@ref) tutorial (#3262)
```
